README.md, before:

# LÖVE 2D для AuroraOS

LÖVE is an *awesome* framework you can use to make 2D games in Lua. It's free, open-source, 
and works on Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, and iOS.  

[LÖVE official page](https://love2d.org).

Port of LÖVE for AuroraOS and SailfishOS made by sashikknox.  
[Donate to sashikknox](https://boosty.to/sashikknox)  

# Использование шаблона
1. Весь код и ресурсы проект распологайте в папке `game`, так что бы был доступен файл `game/main.lua`
2. В папку `icons` положите `*.png` файлы со всему размерами иконок вашего приложения, заменив те что 
там уже лежат. Цифра в имени файла обозначает размер иконки, т.е. 86x86, 108x108, 128x128, 172x172 
пикселей.
3. Отредактируйте `rpm/game.spec` файл, и поставьте туда свои значения:

| паравметр | значение |
| :--| :--|
|%define _app_orgname|Обратное доменное имя организации, например `ru.sashikknox`|
|%define _app_appname|Название приложения, например `AwesomeGame`|
|%define _app_launcher_name|Название приложения в сетке прилоежний, например `Офигенная игра`|
|Summary:|Тут может быть описание вашего прилоежния, краткое|
|Release:|Cюда пишете инкрементируемый номер версии вашего приложения, например `1`|
|Version:|Тут может быть и текстовое значение версии, но по калссике сюда идет версия вида `1.0.0`, но можете обозвать как угодно|
|License:|Сюда можете вписать лицензию вашего проекта|

Далее при сборке пакета содержимаое папки game упакуется в `game.love` файл, который уже будет 
запускать движок Love2D, а так же сгенерирует все необходимые файлы для работ вашего проекта 
в ОС Аврора.

# Build 
- download and install [AuroraSDK](https://developer.auroraos.ru/doc/software_development/sdk/downloads)
- list avaliable targets (use sfdk tool from SDK)
    ```
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk engine exec sb2-config -l
    ```
    its show something like
    ```
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-armv7hl.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-armv7hl
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-x86_64.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-x86_64
    ```
    where target names with `.default` suffixes - its snapshots. 
- Choose target "AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" and build an RPM
    ```
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" build-init
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" prepare
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" build
    ```

Commit message:

Initial commit for Labyrinth Of Legendary Loot

README.md, after:

# Labyrinth Of Legendary Loot for AuroraOS
Original game you can find on [dominaxis-games.itch.io](https://dominaxis-games.itch.io/labyrinth-of-legendary-loot)

Labyrinth of Legendary Loot is a simple turn-based roguelike dungeon crawler focused on tactical combat. Every room is almost like a puzzle as you try to figure out the best way to defeat all enemies without taking too much damage.

# About port for AuroraOS
Game based on [LÖVE (Love2D) Engine](https://www.love2d.org/). Port of Love2D and port of this game made by sashikknox. You can [donate to sashikknox on boosty](https://boosty.to/sashikknox/single-payment/donation/380527/target?share=target_link).  
If you want to port your own game to AuroraOS, you can use [this tempate project](https://github.com/savegame/aurora-love2d).
If you know other cool open-source Love2D games, you can write to sashikknox's Telegram channel "[sashikknox Все портит!](https://t.me/auroraosgames)", and the game may be ported to AuroraOS!


# Build 
- download and install [AuroraSDK](https://developer.auroraos.ru/doc/software_development/sdk/downloads)
- list avaliable targets (use sfdk tool from SDK)
    ```
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk engine exec sb2-config -l
    ```
    its show something like
    ```
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-armv7hl.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-armv7hl
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-x86_64.default
    AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-x86_64
    ```
    where target names with `.default` suffixes - its snapshots. 
- Choose target "AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" and build an RPM
    ```
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" build-init
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" prepare
    ~/AuroraOS/bin/sfdk -c "target=AuroraOS-5.1.3.85-MB2-aarch64" build
    ```
